So we've got our top sirloin section.
And if we were talking about beef,
we have way more opportunities
to merchandise a lot of the muscles
that would be in the top sirloin.
But because pork is smaller,
we just don't have the same opportunities.
But it's I think it's worth mentioning
that out of the top throw.
And this is also where you would get
your tri tip and your Percona out of here.
And we can certainly look at those muscles
in here.
But again,
the merchandizing opportunities for pork
just aren't there
the same way they are for beef.
So in our top sirloin,
what I like to do is bone it out
and then we can either use it as a roast
or chop.
So first thing's first, though,
I do like to skin it.
And because it is a pretty square
cut in fairly stable,
I can always stand it up on its end
like so
and that I can just start
removing the skin without worrying about
getting a lot of that back fat out
so I can just make my long fluid passes.
Like so
making sure I'm following the shape
of the sirloin
itself.
Skin off,
and then I'm just going to worry about
or sorry, work on getting this kind of hip
bone out with the tailbone here.
There's a muscle right here
that I'd like to remove,
which would be an extension
of that spider steak or that oyster steak.
So that comes out.
And now I can just start working on
getting
those two bones out together.
So I'll come underneath right here
where it's flat
and just going to pull my knife down
and under
and then remove it.
Like so right,
so then my bone has been removed.
I'm just really going
to be squaring it off, so
this would be the section
where we would find our tri tip
when I find that seam there.
I'll just come down.
We were talking about beef again,
that tri tip would be under there
from this section,
I just want to have really squared off.
This would be the work
from where the tailbone came off.
So I'm just going to square that like so.
And now
after we square it up on the bottom,
we've got a nice opportunity
for a boneless sirloin roast like so
but I think it's worth
looking at sirloin chops.
So for me, dictating
however thick you want them to be.
I think this one is well
and deserving of three chops, so
we'll get three
nice sirloin chops out of this.